C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.deps.json
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.dll
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.pdb
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.dll
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c#\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.pdb
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.deps.json
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.dll
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.pdb
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.dll
c:\Users\stefa\Desktop\Projekt c\Api\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Api.pdb
